chore(http): Refresh some headers pages (~a-c) (#36038)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/headers/access-control-allow-headers/index.md

{{HTTPSidebar}}

> The HTTP **`Access-Control-Allow-Headers`** {{Glossary("response header")}} is used in response to a {{Glossary("preflight request")}} to indicate the HTTP headers that can be used during the actual request. This header is required if the preflight request contains {{HTTPHeader("Access-Control-Request-Headers")}}.

Author: ```suggestion
The HTTP **`Access-Control-Allow-Headers`** {{Glossary("response header")}} is used in response to a {{Glossary("preflight request")}} to indicate the HTTP headers that can be used during the actual request.
This header is required if the preflight request contains {{HTTPHeader("Access-Control-Request-Headers")}}.
```

{{HTTPSidebar}}

> The HTTP **`Access-Control-Allow-Headers`** response header is used in response to a {{Glossary("preflight request")}} which includes the {{HTTPHeader("Access-Control-Request-Headers")}} to indicate which headers can be used during the actual request.

Reviewer: the content of the 2nd para can be combined here and the existing content in 1st para can be adjusted:
```suggestion
The HTTP **`Access-Control-Allow-Headers`** response header is used in response to a {{Glossary("preflight request")}} to indicate the HTTP headers that can be used during the actual request. This header is required if the preflight request contains {{HTTPHeader("Access-Control-Request-Headers")}}.
```

> This response header is required if the request contained an {{HTTPHeader("Access-Control-Request-Headers")}} header.

Reviewer: can be removed if merging with the previous para
```suggestion
```

> ### A custom header

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Implementing a custom header
```

> Here's an example of what an `Access-Control-Allow-Headers` header might look like. It indicates that a custom header named `X-Custom-Header` is supported by CORS requests to the server in addition to the {{Glossary("CORS-safelisted_request_header", "CORS-safelisted request headers")}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is an example of an `Access-Control-Allow-Headers` header. It indicates that a custom header named `X-Custom-Header` is supported by CORS requests to the server, in addition to the {{Glossary("CORS-safelisted_request_header", "CORS-safelisted request headers")}}.
```

```http

> Access-Control-Allow-Headers: X-Custom-Header

Reviewer: this suggestion is for line 55:

```
### Supporting multiple headers
```

and line 63:

```
### Bypassing additional restrictions on CORS-safelisted headers
```

and line 71

```
### Handling preflight requests
```

Author: done in 91eca0a424
